[GAP-32] Experimental features (#76)
golemfactory/golem-architecture: gaps/gap-32_experimental_features/gap-32_experimental_features.md

treated as experimental.

In following paragraphs experimental namespacing for different kind of APIs will be introduced.
Moreover, a few guidelines will be proposed to avoid naming collisions.

Keep in mind, that since everything within _experimental_ namespace is undefined, no one
is forced to keep the guidelines, if they would hinder ability to fast development.

#### Negotiation protocols

Assuming we have `golem.com.payment`, let's introduce experimental `payment-platform` namespace:

`"golem.com.payment.!exp.payment-platform" : "erc20-rinkeby-tglm"`

(TODO: Check if we can use `!` sign. May cause conflict in constraint language,
json or yaml Offer/Demand representation)

We have multiple options of correct experimental namespaces:
- `"golem.com.payment.!exp.payment-platform"`
- `"golem.com.!exp.payment.payment-platform"`
- `"golem.!exp.com.payment.payment-platform"`
- `"!exp.golem.com.payment.payment-platform"`

Example of incorrect namespacing:

`"golem.com.payment.payment-platform.!exp" : "erc20-rinkeby-tglm"`

`payment-platform` property didn't exist before, so we are not allowed to introduce it.

> ##### Array members

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Enum members
```

> In case of arrays we don't want to introduce new property, because we would omit standard mechanisms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of experimental enum values we don't want to introduce a new experimental property, because we would omit standard mechanisms
```

that agents use for filtering Nodes. For example if we want to add experimental `"gpu"` capability,

> it is natural to add this property to existing array like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it is natural to add this experimental value to existing enum like this:
```
